# DeepQAgent_LunarLander
CPSC 570 Final Project -- Ruomu (Felix) Zou

## Project Structure and Files:

* `Code.ipynb`: The main file of the project, a jupyter notebook that contains all the code, videos, showcases, etc.
* `Code.html`: An html rendering of `Code.ipynb` so that any system can view the outputs without having to install jupyter and the other dependencies.
* `./media`: A folder with some images/videos used in the notebook. Additional videos generated by the notebook will also appear here if the code was set to not clean up generated videos.

## Dependencies Needed to Run `Code.ipynb`:

* We will be using the `LunarLander-v2` environment on `gymnasium`, which is forked version of OpenAI's original `gym`. As far as I am aware, as of writing this, `gym` is no longer maintained and the non-OpenAI forked variant `gymnasium` is the best option for building small RL bots (though `gym` still runs). Therefore, the list of dependencies are:
    * `gymnasium` with `swig` and `box2d`: The additional dependencies are for running the lunar lander environment specifically.
    * `moviepy`: For recording gymnasium games.
    * `numpy`: For obvious reasons.
    * `torch`: We will use pytorch to build the network.
    * `matplotlib`: For display purposes.
* Additionally, to run the jupyter notebook, one should have one's preferred version of jupyter installed (all code is tested for Jupyter 7).
* **NOTE: Mac computers running conda is known to have issues with the Box2D dependency. If you get the error `module '_Box2D' has no attribute 'RAND_LIMIT_swigconstant'`, please refer to the rendered HTML file to view the project results without running the code as the fix can be tedious. In general, a solution that tends to work is to install `gynasium` through pip (not conda) and then uninstall/reinstall `box2d-py`. Some people have also reported that installing `swig` before `gymnasium` have fixed the issue. For reference, when run in a fresh conda environment in order, these commands setup the evironment correctly for me:**
    * `pip install swig`
    * `pip install "gymnasium[box2d]"`
    * `pip uninstall box2d-py`
    * `pip install box2d-py`
    * `pip install moviepy`
    * `conda install -c conda-forge jupyter`
    * `conda install -c conda-forge matplotlib`
    * `conda install pytorch::pytorch torchvision -c pytorch`

